He deserved to die, he shouldn't have been saved in the first place
Should have let you die
Xu Tao, I wouldn't have died if it weren't for you
Blood is thicker than water
You know it's a trap, you still come
Hey come to me
Been hiding outside
It's not the way to go down
I had to do something.
Hello, it's me.
Isn't this Miss Lin?
What do you want me to do by coming to me so late?
Can you spare us?
It's not that I asked me to do something.
Didn't you invite me here?
Why are you putting on such a dead look?
Do you really let go of stones?
For that stinky security guard
You are so pitiful!
Although he is just an ordinary person
But he was sincere to me
And you just use me to hurt me